Are you ready?
OK
Hello and welcome to English with Lucy
It's been a long time since I last made a video using my whiteboard
So, today is going to be a really useful lesson
It's going to be all about the verb 'to get'.
Ooh! Very important news
I now have an instagram along with my facebook
and obviously my youtube channel which is right here
and for my Chinese followers I've created a Weibo account as well
and you can communicate with me on there
Now, I warn you I don't speak Chinese
So I'm finding it quite difficult but
I don't want you guys to feel like I don't appreciate you because I do
So what does 'get' mean?
Don't tell me that it means 'to obtain' because
Because that is only one of the many many many uses for get
Today I've got a really really useful video for you
It is all about the verb to get and the many uses that it has
So make sure you watch right till the end!
So, if you look in an English dictionary, you will probably find
that there are around 50 uses, 50 individual uses, for the verb to get
Now, I've managed to group some of these uses into 7 categories
And today we're going to talk about 6 of them
I'm going to talk to you about how the verb 'to get'
Can be used to replace
to arrive
to receive or to obtain
to become
to bring to buy and to find
And it can also be added to 'to have' or 'to have to'
I will then discuss some of the many
phrases and expressions that can be used with to get
Now I do have phrasal verbs written here
but I'm not going to talk about those today
If you don't know what a phrasal verb is
I do have a video about how phrasal verbs are made
and how we use them
Now there are a lot of phrasal verbs that use the verb to get
But there are too many to talk about today
So I promise you that I will make another video
all about phrasal verbs using get
So the first one: to travel or to arrive
Very similar
How did you get to London?
I got here by train